Hi, welcome back.
In this video, I just wanted to give you
some further reading on type hinting.
Type hinting in Python is not a very large thing.
There's not a lot to read, not a lot to know.
But nonetheless, a couple of sites
that you may wanna go and visit
if you want to learn more about type hinting.
First one is of course, the official
Python documentation for the typing module.
It has a lot of information here
about what types are the most fundamental types.
Any being any type, the Union that we've looked at,
Tuple, Callable, TypeVar, and Generic.
And you can read a bit more about them
and it also gives you some code samples, for example,
on how to define your own types as we saw in the last video.
And how to simplify complex type signatures
when you have a type that is maybe
a list of Tuples, of Tuples that have dicts in them.
It tells you a bit about how to simplify them.
It talks about new types, it talks about generics
and how you can achieve them.
Generally, more advanced things, but a useful thing to read.
If you want to go in a bit more basic,
not certainly more basic, mind you,
you can go and read PEP 483.
PEP 483 is the theory of type hints.
It's meant to be a slightly more beginner-friendly
intro to type hinting, but it is not terribly simple,
so you still need some focus in here
and some time to truly understand it.
But essentially, it says why type hinting
was added to Python and it gives you a bit
of information on how to go about it.
So these two are linked in the resources section
for this lecture, feel free to have a read through them
and ask any questions if you have any.
I'll see you on the next video.